Update installation.md (#6128)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/frigate/installation.md

## ESX

For details on running Frigate under ESX, see details [here](https://github.com/blakeblackshear/frigate/issues/305).

## Synology NAS on DSM 7
you can run Frigate NVR on DSM 7.x. tested on DSM 7.1.1-42962 Update 4

> these were the settings configured (no tpu device just using the cpu from the device which is not great but still works 100%):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: We absolutely recommend a coral or other detector in every circumstance.

I'm concerned about this too since device passthrough is usually the big problem with Synology deployments

General:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232573326-0114c001-f5f8-4c62-863b-95c0240920bd.png)

Advanced Settings:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232573502-9c0cdeee-b4e2-4c20-b5c3-d2ba3ebf0065.png)

Port Settings (whatever ports you prefer):

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232573652-97c73788-4283-422a-bc60-7fdd2755d68e.png)

Volume Settings:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232573808-7462cb81-bfa6-48f4-834b-9f7820350e0e.png)

> details will be added for tpu device as soon as it has been tested

Reviewer: No need to specify this in the docs

Author: comment addressed

## ESX

For details on running Frigate under ESX, see details [here](https://github.com/blakeblackshear/frigate/issues/305).

> ## Synology NAS on DSM 7
> you can run Frigate NVR on DSM 7.x. tested on DSM 7.1.1-42962 Update 4
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Synology NAS on DSM 7

These settings were tested on DSM 7.1.1-42962 Update 4

```

**General:**

> 
> you need to tick the "Execute container using high privilage" checkbox in order to give the frigate container the elevated privilages it may need.
> if you want the container to automatically restart whenever it improperly shuts down then you can tick the "Enable auto-restart" checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `Execute container using high privilage` option needs to be enabled in order to give the frigate container the elevated privileges it may need.

The `Enable auto-restart` option can be enabled if you want the container to automatically restart whenever it improperly shuts down due to an error.	
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232586790-0b659a82-561d-4bc5-899b-0f5b39c6b11d.png)

**Advanced Settings:**

> you need to add the "FRIGATE_RTSP_PASSWORD" environment variable and set it to your preferred password under advanced settings the rest of the environment variables you can leave as default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the password template feature, you should add the "FRIGATE_RTSP_PASSWORD" environment variable and set it to your preferred password under advanced settings. The rest of the environment variables should be left as default for now.
```

Reviewer: this env var isn't required, unless it is some specific issue with DSM config

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232587163-0eb662d4-5e28-4914-852f-9db1ec4b9c3d.png)

**Port Settings:**

> the network should be set to a "bridge" network. You need to map the default frigate container ports to your local synology NAS ports that you want to access Frigate using.
> > sometime the defaults container ports that frigate uses my not be available
> > on your NAS due to services you may be running, 
> > in that instance you can set the ports to auto or whatever ports you prefer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The network mode should be set to `bridge`. You need to map the default frigate container ports to your local Synology NAS ports that you want to use to access Frigate.

There may be other services running on your NAS that are using the same ports that frigate uses. In that instance you can set the ports to auto or a specific port.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232582642-773c0e37-7ef5-4373-8ce3-41401b1626e6.png)

**Volume Settings:**

> under volumes you need to configure 2 paths
> - The location of your config file in yaml format, this needs to be file and you need to go to the location of where your config.yml is located, this will be different depending on your NAS folder structure e.g. /docker/frigate/config/config.yml will mount to /config/config.yml within the container
> - The location on your NAS where the recordings will be saved this needs to be a folder e.g. /docker/volumes/frigate-0-media (or where ever you would like the recordings to get saved on your NAS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to configure 2 paths:

- The location of your config file in yaml format, this needs to be file and you need to go to the location of where your config.yml is located, this will be different depending on your NAS folder structure e.g. `/docker/frigate/config/config.yml` will mount to `/config/config.yml` within the container.
- The location on your NAS where the recordings will be saved this needs to be a folder e.g. `/docker/volumes/frigate-0-media`
```

General:
you need to tick the "Execute container using high privilage" checkbox in order to give the frigate container the elevated privilages it may need.

> if you want the container to automatically restart whenever it improperly shuts down then you can tick the "Enable auto-restart" checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
General:

The `Execute container using high privilage` option needs to be enabled in order to give the frigate container the elevated privileges it may need.

if you want the container to automatically restart whenever it improperly shuts, enable the `Enable auto-restart` option.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232586790-0b659a82-561d-4bc5-899b-0f5b39c6b11d.png)

Advanced Settings:

> you need to add the "FRIGATE_RTSP_PASSWORD" environment variable and set it to your preferred password under advanced settings the rest of the environment variables you can leave as default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advanced Settings:

If you want to use the password template feature, you should add the "FRIGATE_RTSP_PASSWORD" environment variable and set it to your preferred password under advanced settings. The rest of the environment variables should be left as default for now.
```

Reviewer: this env var isn't required, unless it is some specific issue with DSM config

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232587163-0eb662d4-5e28-4914-852f-9db1ec4b9c3d.png)

Port Settings:
the network should be set to a "bridge" network. You need to map the default frigate container ports to your local synology NAS ports that you want to access Frigate using.
> sometime the defaults container ports that frigate uses my not be available
> on your NAS due to services you may be running, 
> in that instance you can set the ports to auto or whatever ports you prefer

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232582642-773c0e37-7ef5-4373-8ce3-41401b1626e6.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Port Settings:
The network mode should be set to `bridge`. You need to map the default frigate container ports to your local Synology NAS ports that you want to use to access Frigate.

There may be other services running on your NAS that are using the same ports that frigate uses. In that instance you can set the ports to auto or a specific port.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232582642-773c0e37-7ef5-4373-8ce3-41401b1626e6.png)
```

Volume Settings:
under volumes you need to configure 2 paths
- The location of your config file in yaml format, this needs to be file and you need to go to the location of where your config.yml is located, this will be different depending on your NAS folder structure e.g. /docker/frigate/config/config.yml will mount to /config/config.yml within the container
- The location on your NAS where the recordings will be saved this needs to be a folder e.g. /docker/volumes/frigate-0-media (or where ever you would like the recordings to get saved on your NAS

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232585872-44431d15-55e0-4004-b78b-1e512702b911.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Volume Settings:

You need to configure 2 paths:
- The location of your config file in yaml format, this needs to be file and you need to go to the location of where your config.yml is located, this will be different depending on your NAS folder structure e.g. `/docker/frigate/config/config.yml` will mount to `/config/config.yml` within the container.
- The location on your NAS where the recordings will be saved this needs to be a folder e.g. `/docker/volumes/frigate-0-media`

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4516296/232585872-44431d15-55e0-4004-b78b-1e512702b911.png)
```
